adds illustrations to help understand attribute service and building steps (#20)
hypertrace/attribute-service: README.md

# Attribute service

Attribute service provides CRUD operations for the attributes in Hypertrace.

> It fetches all attributes relevant to the scope of what is being shown on UI. The concept of Attributes helps build a generic framework of communication between the UI and backend.

Reviewer: Line 5 should be removed

## What are Attributes?

> An attribute represents a piece of data that's present in Hypertrace that's available for querying. It is a highly generic building block of what queries/show/display/represent in the UI. Attribute metadata gives the type of the data, kind of aggregations allowed on it, services which serve that attribute, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An attribute is a granular piece of information that is present in Hypertrace and available for querying/displaying in the UI. An attribute encapsulates information like 1) the type of the data 2) kind of aggregations allowed on it, 3) underlying service/source that can serve this data etc.
This helps in building a generic framework of communication between the UI and the backend and also assists the backend to fetch data from the appropriate sources in a generic way.
```

> # Attribute-service

Reviewer: nit: upper case A followed by a `-service` doesn't feel right

Author: Okay! will make it `Attribute service`

Reviewer 2: make it match deployments "attribute-service" because this is literally something people will see in logs etc

### How are attributes created?
An initial list of attributes needed by Hypertrace are seeded from `helm/configs` but they
can also be dynamically registered and queried using the APIs of AttributeService.

## How Hypertrace uses Attribute service?
Below is the high level schematic diagram(of the push based model) of different components involved in attribute service:

> | ![space-1.jpg](https://imagizer.imageshack.com/v2/xq90/924/xN2Top.png) | 

Reviewer: These images are slightly outdated. Needs to be fixed before we add them here.

Author: ohh! Who can you help me to get those updated @avinashkolluru ?

Author: I will remove those for now and we can update them and then add in README.
